- We are at a high school
and I'm about to offer this
student $100,000 to drop out.
We worked with her mom and her teacher,
and she has no idea
we're about to interrupt
her summer school lessons,
with a $100,000 in cash.
- [Chris] Oh.
- Let's see if she answers
the trick question correct.
Hey, do you mind if we interrupt?
Have you ever heard of
the channel, MrBeast?
- I have.
- Okay, this will make
this so much easier.
Boys bring in the a $100,000.
- [Chris] Hello.
- Would you drop out of high school
for $100,000 in cash?
(suspenseful music)
- Why not?
- Because I can still
make money going to
college and get a career.
- I agree, which is why this
is actually a trick question.
And if you said yes, I
wouldn't have given you money,
but since you said, no,
you just won $100,000.
Here's $20,000
- 40,000, it's so heavy.
Don't let it fall on her.
- [MrBeast] Oh, don't cry.
- Thank you so much.
- No problem.
We'll just all cry.
This is a Lamborghini.
And Neil, if you can parallel
park this Lamborghini
between these two Teslas,
I'll let you keep it.
- This is too easy, bro.
- You seem pretty confident.
- I'm from New York,
we're raised on parallel parking.
I don't need these anymore.
- Are these the keys to your car?
- Yeah, man, I don't need them,
I'mma drive home in this.
I got this.
Here to go.
- Oh wait Neil, wait, wait.
I forgot to mention,
if this Lamborghini touches
one of these Teslas,
he loses it.
All right, keep going.
If he parallel parks this
Lamborghini right here,
he keeps it.
This is terrifying.
- I'm good right here.
- You're good, you're good.
(suspenseful music)
- Oh! Neil!
- Neil, do you know how expensive-
- Stop, don't hit the other car.
Turn the car off!
- I don't know how!
- Neil, I think I need your car keys back,
'cause this is our next contestant.
Let's see if Ivette can
parallel park a Lamborghini.
Karl, can you get in and her teach her?
- That button, way over there is reverse.
- This one?
There's not like a prindle?
- No, I use paddles.
- Paddles?
- I don't know.
- This is gonna be awhile,
so we'll find out later in the video
if she wins the Lambo.
I have over 100 different
watermelons in this field.
And this is a check for $1 million.
Ah, oh.
- [Karl] Whoa, that was kind of perfect.
- Okay, boom.
There is now a check for $1
million inside this watermelon.
- Jay, you are surrounded
by over 100 watermelons.
One of these watermelons
has a check for $1 million
inside of it.
You get to bash one single watermelon.
And if you bash the one
with $1 million in it,
you become a millionaire.
- All right, I'm gonna find it.
I'm gonna find that one melon.
There's big melons, there's little melons.
There's green ones and yellow ones.
- [Karl] This is sounding
like a Dr. Seuss book.
- I have no idea what melon to pick here.
I see some footprints next to this one,
I don't know.
- Jay's studying our
footprints of the sand.
He's analyzing the stems.
- Choices, choices, choices.
- Pick the watermelon you're smashing.
- No, no, no, no.
- Get away from me,
I'm not a watermelon.
- This is my million.
- [MrBeast] That's it.
- Look, it's all shiny.
You're gonna make me a
millionaire, MrBeast.
(dramatic music)
- [MrBeast] Oh, hit it.
- $1000.
- $1000
- I'll take $1000 from a watermelon.
- If you would've went 10
watermelons to your right,
that's $1000.
- There it is.
- You would've saw this $1 million check.
Can you confirm it says $1 million?
- That does save $1 million.
- The only thing that stood
between you and $1 million,
was 10 watermelons.
If you punch this bag,
it will rate how hard your punch was.
So naturally, I grabbed three
of the strongest men I know
and Chandler.
- Hey.
- And whichever one of them
scores the highest gets $30,000.
- Easy money, yes!
- I say we start with the biggest guy.
- I'm about the Falcon punch this thing.
- Probably should have tested it.
- [MrBeast] 300, 400.
- Oh my gosh.
- 902 on the dot.
I would say the next
biggest person is Noah.
- Come on, Noah!
(all screaming)
- So far, the money is yours.
Let's see if Sean can change that.
This is Sean, my bodyguard.
Act like this is someone
trying to assault me.
No, Sean saved me,
punch the bag.
You can buy a lot with-
- Oh!
- [Announcer] Oh, that's a miss.
- The score didn't go up,
so technically it doesn't count
Sean.
Oh, that looks like a good hit.
Oh, no.
As of now, this $30,000 in cash is yours.
The only man in the world
that can take it away from you
is Chandler.
Chandler, I know you hate pickles,
I'm gonna put it right there.
Take your hit.
He's pulling on his crack head string.
Oh wow, you scored better than Sean,
but not higher than Floyd.
Congratulations, you just won $30,000!
- I punch hard, and it helped.
Now I can get my wisdom teeth out.
- Back at the parking lot,
Ivette was really taking her
time parking this Lamborghini.
She literally spent over two
hours strategizing with Nolan,
but she does have until the end
of the day to complete this,
so we're gonna go give away
more money in the meantime.
And now we're back in
a high school classroom
with Mr. Hughes.
- That's me.
- Have a seat right here, sir.
- How the tables have turned.
- And this is professor Chandler.
- Hi.
- This is the history book
you teach your high school students.
- That is a textbook we use.
- Chandler's gonna pick a
random question from this book
and if you get it right,
we'll give you $10,000 in cash.
- Okay.
- Chandler, go ahead and
flip through the book.
Flip.
The cold war.
The Soviet Union views NATO as a threat.
In response, the Soviets
developed an alliance system
in 1955 as a part of their
own containment policy.
It was known as the?
- Warsaw pact.
- Dang.
- He got it.
Congratulations, you just won $10,000.
Now here's the thing,
do you wanna risk this
$10,000 that you just won
for a chance at $20,000?
- Sure.
I know this book front
and back, no problem.
- As a teacher, he should.
This time, we have professor
Karl with $20,000 on the line.
The Aztecs control Central Mexico.
What is a hard, glassy green or black rock
found in the valley of Mexico
and used to make razor sharp weapons?
- Obsidian.
- That does say obsidian,
which means he just won another $20,000.
- I picked that 'cause of Minecraft.
- Now obviously your cashflow
is getting pretty big.
That's $20,000.
Do you wanna risk your
20 grand for shot at 30?
- We'll give it a shot.
- It's time to get serious.
I'm gonna pick an extremely hard one.
- Oh, he's really good at that!
- Around 520, an Italian
monk began writing a book
describing a strict, yet
practical set of rules
for monasteries.
Who wrote?
- Benedict of Nursia.
- Wait, he got it right?
- Let's go!
- Congratulations, you
just won 30 grand in cash.
I studied Benedict in
monastery for three years.
- How was I supposed to know that?
- It pays to be a good teacher
and know your textbook.
- Thank you very, very much.
- This is $20,000 in cash.
- It's real.
- You can split it 50 50
with a random stranger,
or you can steal it and walk
away with all $20,000 in cash.
Any questions?
- Is there a catch?
- There's no catch.
- There's no catch at all?
- No catch at all.
- I wanna steal it then.
- Okay, well that was quick.
- There's no catch at all?
- Just one old man is
really sad right now.
- Wait, what?
- The guy that lost out on 10
grands gonna be watching this.
- Wait, I'm so sorry.
- What do you have to say now?
- I didn't know!
- But you did know.
- I thought there was gonna be catch!
- And boom, all $20,000.
All right, have a good day.
- You too, thanks.
- Would you have split the
$20,000 with someone random?
A person you've never
met in your entire life.
- If thought they needed it,
yeah, I would have.
- What a nice guy,
now I feel kind of bad.
Luckily, we're gonna invite him
to be back in a future video,
so don't worry,
we're not completely screwing him over.
Next bit.
Don't forget to watch the end
to see if she wins this
expensive Lamborghini.
This is $20,000 in cash,
and this is a mountain of candy.
And this is Chris's son, Tucker.
- I made this.
- Chris, I think you see
where I'm going with this?
- Pick the money, boy.
- Put Tucker dead in the middle,
right here.
- Okay, we've been working on this.
Tucker step, step, step.
- [MrBeast] Oh, he knows how to walk now.
- Go, go, go, go.
- This is a bunch of money.
- Yeah, that's a lot of money.
- This is a bunch of candy.
Candy? Money?
Which one do you want?
- [Voiceover] Huh?
- Tucker, follow the money trail.
Woo!
- Two can play that game.
- No, candy's gross.
It's bad for your two teeth.
- Tucker literally didn't
move for almost 45 minutes.
Honestly, Tuck, if you picked the money,
I wouldn't even care at this point.
Just pick one or the other.
- He said, "okay, light."
Go, and let's go.
We gonna crawl, come on.
Peek a boo!
- It was never a fair
challenge to begin with.
- Peek a boo!
- [MrBeast] He pulled out the peek a boo.
- [Chris] When does it count?
- I don't know.
He's just grabbing the lights.
We'll just uh.
Oh wow!
He touched the money!
- [Chris] Whoa!
- [MrBeast] Good job, Tucker.
- Also, I'm gonna give you some of this.
We're gonna take one of those lights home?
- Tucker, the world wants to know,
are you happier about the
20 grand or this light?
You heard it here folks.
Thank you, Tuck.
Next bit.
- It's literally like nothing
changed since we left.
- We've been doing this so long,
it's almost outta gas.
- Wait, really?
I'm gonna give you until this
Lamborghini runs outta gas.
- Look at me real quick.
I believe in you.
- At least someone believes in me.
Should I go?
- [Karl] She's going.
- She's gone.
- I'm so scared.
- You got this.
- Tiny bit more.
Stop, stop, stop!
Oh my gosh.
It is less than an inch away.
If you shook the car right now,
it would hit the Tesla.
- What is that, like an inch and a half?
Inch and a half.
She's gonna have to fully
commit to one of them.
- I know.
- Commit to this one,
and then keep readjusting.
- Ready?
- Stop, stop, stop!
No!
Did it hit?
- [Ivette] No it didn't,
I'm gonna cry.
- We think she hit the Tesla.
Play the clip.
If this piece of paper
can't fit between the cars,
they're touching.
- No, no, no!
- They're definitely touching.
She didn't win the Lamborghini.
Can you break the news to her?
Some of the people you saw
competing in this video
were literally random subscribers.
And if you subscribe,
you could be flown down
to compete for money in future videos.
So don't miss out, and subscribe.
♪ MrBeast6000 ♪